{"en":"People become quite illogical when they try to decide what can be eaten and what cannot be eaten. ^ ","ch":"在决定什么能吃而什么不能吃的时候， 人们往往变得不合情理。  "}
{"en":"If you lived in the Mediterranean,  for instance,  you would consider octopus a great delicacy. ^ ","ch":"比如， 如果你住在地中海地区， 你会把章鱼视作是美味佳肴，  "}
{"en":"You would not be able to understand why some people find it repulsive. ^ ","ch":"同时不能理解为什么有人一见章鱼就恶心。  "}
{"en":"On the other hand,  your stomach would turn at the idea of frying potatoes in animal fat -- the normally accepted practice in many northern countries. ^ ","ch":"另一方面， 你一想到动物油炸土豆就会反胃， 但这在北方许多国家却是一种普通的烹饪方法。  "}
{"en":"The sad truth is that most of us have been brought up to eat certain foods and we stick to them all our lives. ^ ","ch":"不无遗憾的是，  我们中的大部分人， 生来就只吃某几种食品， 而且一辈子都这样。  "}
{"en":"No creature has received more praise and abuse than the common garden snail. ^ ","ch":"没有一种生物所受到的赞美和厌恶会超过花园里常见的蜗牛了。  "}
{"en":"Cooked in wine,  snails are a great luxury in various parts of the world. ^ ","ch":"蜗牛加酒烧煮后， 便成了世界上许多地方的一道珍奇的名菜。  "}
{"en":"There are countless people who,  ever since their early years,  have learned to associate snails with food. ^ ","ch":"有不计其数的人们从小就知道蜗牛可做菜。  "}
{"en":"My friend,  Robert,  lives in a country where snails are despised. ^ ","ch":"但我的朋友罗伯特却住在一个厌恶蜗牛的国家中。  "}
{"en":"As his flat is in a large town,  he has no garden of his own. ^ ","ch":"他住在大城市里的一所公寓里， 没有自己的花园。  "}
{"en":"For years he has been asking me to collect snails from my garden and take them to him. ^ ","ch":"多年来， 他一直让我把我园子里的蜗牛收集起来给他捎去。  "}
{"en":"The idea never appealed to me very much, ^ ","ch":"一开始， 他的这一想法没有引起我多大兴趣。  "}
{"en":"I happened to be walking in my garden when I noticed a huge number of snails taking a stroll on some of my prize plants. ^ ","ch":"我在花园里漫无目的地散步， 突然注意到许许多多蜗牛在我的一些心爱的花木上慢悠悠地蠕动着。  "}
{"en":"Acting on a sudden impulse,  I collected several dozen,  put them in a paper bag,  and took them to Robert. ^ ","ch":"我一时冲动， 逮了几十只， 装进一只纸袋里， 带着去找罗伯特。  "}
{"en":"Robert was delighted to see me and equally pleased with my little gift. ^ ","ch":"罗伯特见到我很高兴， 对我的薄礼也感到满意。  "}
{"en":"I left the bag in the hall and Robert and I went into the living room where we talked for a couple of hours. ^ ","ch":"我把纸袋放在门厅里， 与罗伯特一起进了起居室， 在那里聊了好几个钟头。  "}
{"en":"I had forgotten all about the snails when Robert suddenly said that I must stay to dinner. ^ ","ch":"我把蜗牛的事已忘得一干二净， 罗伯特突然提出一定要我留下来吃晚饭， 这才提醒了我。  "}
{"en":"I did not fancy the idea and I reluctantly followed Robert out of the room. ^ ","ch":"我并不喜欢这个主意， 所以我勉强跟着罗伯特走出了起居室。  "}
{"en":"To our dismay,  we saw that there were snails everywhere: ^ ","ch":"使我们惊愕的是门厅里到处爬满了蜗牛： "}
{"en":"they had escaped from the paper bag and had taken complete possession of the hall! ^ ","ch":"它们从纸袋里逃了出来， 爬得满厅都是！  "}
{"en":"I have never been able to look at a snail since then. ^ ","ch":"从那以后， 我再也不能看一眼蜗牛了。  "}